After a group meeting, we officially decided to change the idea of our previous mobile software into spinner. Our initial idea is:

Separate the area on the dial, and then provide different songs and names for each area. When the user turns the dial, the name of the song provided by the arrow pointing to the area is the subject that the user can describe his own story or show talent.

 We found that the original idea of a lot of problems, such as:
1. What happens if the user is getting an unfamiliar song?
2. If there is no classification, all the music is random, so there will be no clear theme.
3. What type of turntable (physical turntable or electronic turntable?)
4. How can the elderly get together to carry out this activity?
5. What are the specific functions on the turntable?

In the new round of panel discussions, we discussed these issues and made decisions.
- make a physical turntable
- we can make this turntable in the form of a game activity. Creator selected theme, such as: anger, happy, memorable, regret and so on.
Then according to each theme, the turntable can offer a variety of different music.
About a fixed time and place, the elderly can sit around the turntable, when the arrow refers to a user, 
the user can start with other people to share their own stories or show talent.
- If the user is not familiar with or no story can share the song, you can turn the turntable, to a new round of choice.

We found a problem with this new idea, that is the limitation of this activity. If you want to design a physical turntable, then it means that this activity can not start anytime, anywhere.
Through group discussions and research, we come up with a very interesting improvement:
we can use the mini projector to project the turntable. You can use SONY mini projector to carry out the design of the turntable.

Here is the link for our inspiration:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sEPlDmzOm0c

 Our team agreed that if the project can use the projector to do our project, you can make this event unlimited time and place, 
as long as there are lights can achieve this activity.

If you want a remote control, on the remote control only need has an ON / OFF button and one big button on the center of the remote control.projection infrared pencil is a good idea for our project.So the user can use this pen to select the different options on the spinning wheel.

Our group drew a rough sketch for the spinning wheel.
Section E: all the topics, such as: happy, sad, unforgettable etc.
Users can use controller to make the center spinning to rotate first and then locked on a topic.Section A, B, C, D: is another spinning wheel, once the user chooses the main topic, then rotate this spinning again, 
to lock on one music to start to tell own story about this song.
Section A: music name
Section B: upload the image
Section C and D: C is a big button "YES", D is a big button "NO".


 (According to our group discussion, it just starting a new idea, but just change the way of sharing based on providing a physical event or activity）

- The following step might just be doing some user testing like interview to ask the users about will they prefer sharing music at a physical location with strangers or online.
And will this app help to remind their stories this kind of stuff.
